Josh/cf 2978 service to service traffic should use internal hostnames to (#139)
common-fate/terraform-aws-common-fate-deployment: .changeset/tricky-carrots-call.md

---
"@common-fate/terraform-aws-common-fate-deployment": minor
---

> internal ecs services now use service connect to communicate to each other

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Common Fate services now use internal hostnames to communicate with one another.
```
